it's really hot
and
suppose knife I don't know what I'm
leaning meaning the next 48 hours i
knows I can't do anything for 48 hours
why didn't that like 24 hours
I want to help flower I'm not doing that
me
then there were seven yeah I would think
mm-hmm no it is mm-hmm yep I can't know
everything on this day the people don't
worry I won't tell any mmmm mm hmm they
did yesterday now back to the question
that's the hearty helping it's really
hot outside isn't yeah figured it would
be which is why I didn't even go out to
eat it's really hard I would only go out
there to lay out mmm see I won't even
know that but though a lot of a person
strawberry shake stuff in here protein
but if you can use the word good in this
sentence not with Bob no no edible just
a charade up shop what's that is that